TF-440: Terraform Enterprise Demo Installation Mode Removal (#2234)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/enterprise/admin/infrastructure/automated-recovery.mdx

  to configure Terraform Enterprise itself such as installation type, database
  connection settings, hostname. This data rarely changes.

> In _Mounted Disk_ and _External Services_ modes, only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the Mounted Disk and External Services operational modes, only
```

installer data is stored on the instance. Application data
is stored in the mounted disk or in an external PostgreSQL instance.

Automated snapshots are more effective when using _Mounted Disk_ or
_External Services_ as the amount of backed up data is smaller and
less risky.

> You can configure snapshots in the dashboard under `Console Settings`, in the
> `Snapshot & Restore` section. We suggest you select `Enable Automatic Scheduled
> Snapshots`. The interval depends on the operational mode. We recommend Daily
> for _Mounted Disk_ or _External Services_ because the snapshots contain only
> configuration data, not application data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure snapshots in the dashboard under `Console Settings`, in the
`Snapshot & Restore` section. We recommend selecting `Enable Automatic Scheduled
Snapshots`. The interval depends on the operational mode, but we recommend Daily
for _Mounted Disk_ or _External Services_ because the snapshots contain only
configuration data, not application data.
```
